<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_n42_wlw_kpb">
    <title>Benefits</title>
    <body>
        <p>CIDM is an organization dedicated to helping advance the profession of information
            development worldwide. Through CIDM, information professionals can communicate with each
            other regularly and learn about each other’s successes, problems, and innovations.</p>
        <p>Membership benefits include:</p>
        <ul id="ul_yrh_lmw_kpb">
            <li>Conference Passes and Discounts<ul id="ul_sj4_lmw_kpb">
                    <li>To encourage participation in CIDM conferences, members receive free and
                        discounted registrations. The number of free passes depends on your
                        membership level and conference. Members always receive the best pricing
                        available for all CIDM conferences.</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>Best Practices Newsletter<ul id="ul_n25_lmw_kpb">
                    <li>The Best Practices newsletter available to all CIDM members contains a
                        wealth of industry-related information. The quarterly newsletter is emailed
                        directly to the members then each newsletter article is posted on the CIDM
                        website for future reference. Access to the articles is a benefit to members
                        only.</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>Members-Only Forum<ul id="ul_sxw_lmw_kpb">
                    <li>Members can join the member-only CIDM Slack Workspace to connect and
                        collaborate. On the CIDM Slack Workspace, members can find channels for
                        hiring, training, quality control, metrics, content reuse, change
                        management, and more!</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>Management Round Tables<ul id="ul_upz_lmw_kpb">
                    <li>Members can participate in monthly “open-mic” sessions to discuss trends and
                        issues associated with information-development. Each month we present a new
                        topic selected by members. We’ve discussed everything from managing remote
                        employees to working with Subject Matter Experts.</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>Information Development Advice<ul id="ul_my3_mmw_kpb">
                    <li>CIDM is managed by Comtech Services, a leading consulting firm that has been
                        helping clients produce better technical content for over 40 years. Members
                        can reach out to the Comtech consultants for advice or brainstorm innovated
                        ideas.</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>Workshop Discounts<ul id="ul_fmm_mmw_kpb">
                    <li>Members receive discounts for Comtech’s content strategy and DITA training
                        classes. Gold and Platinum level members benefit from a two-for-one pricing
                        option for most public workshops and also receive a 10% discount on
                        customized in-house workshops.</li>
                </ul></li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</topic>
